Support kafka reporter protocol (#74)
apache/skywalking-python: docs/EnvVars.md

| `SW_TRACE_IGNORE`| This config item controls that whether the trace should be ignore | `false` |
| `SW_TRACE_IGNORE_PATH`| You can setup multiple URL path patterns, The endpoints match these patterns wouldn't be traced. the current matching rules follow Ant Path match style , like /path/*, /path/**, /path/?.| `''` |
| `SW_ELASTICSEARCH_TRACE_DSL`| If true, trace all the DSL(Domain Specific Language) in ElasticSearch access, default is false | `false` |
| `SW_KAFKA_REPORTER_BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS` | A list of host/port pairs to use for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. It is in the form host1:port1,host2:port2,... | `localhost:9092` |
| `SW_KAFKA_REPORTER_TOPIC_MANAGEMENT` | Specifying Kafka topic name for service instance reporting and registering. | `skywalking-managements` | 
| `SW_KAFKA_REPORTER_TOPIC_SEGMENT` | Specifying Kafka topic name for Tracing data. | `skywalking-segments` |

> | `SW_KAFKA_REPORTER_CONFIG_key` | The configs to init KafkaProducer. it support all the arguments listed [here](https://kafka-python.readthedocs.io/en/master/apidoc/KafkaProducer.html#kafka.KafkaProducer) | unset |

Reviewer: Some of the config items are not configureable in this way, for example `partitioner` is `callable` type.

```suggestion
| `SW_KAFKA_REPORTER_CONFIG_key` | The configs to init KafkaProducer. it support the basic arguments (whose type is either `str`, `bool`, or `int`) listed [here](https://kafka-python.readthedocs.io/en/master/apidoc/KafkaProducer.html#kafka.KafkaProducer) | unset |
```

Author: I see! I have committed this suggestion, Thank you.
